very good girls very good guys that
I am like that and first of all, guys, tell you
if you see a lot of news on the channel
lately we are watching gameplays of
sl hill skyrim
if you see a lot of news on the channel it's
for one simple reason the news
occur when they occur and we can not
stop giving them
we are a channel that we have always
informed we have tried to inform of
some way within our own
mistakes because we recognize that we have
mistakes because we are human we are not a
channel that goes with prepotency we are not a
channel we admit our mistakes when
we have them we are human but good and
has left this aside let's go with the
morning news of the day is worth this
news is news that many
we are waiting to be network has been revealed
already with the departure of the maps of January
of the call of duty modern warfare 3 has been
revealed what would be the season of
modern warfare 3 of dlcs and maps that
They will leave the missions and modes
German game has not been fixed the
name of the maps that are now read
but if the content that will come out every month
at least
in the link the description is the page
where the official call of duty page
and well here he puts you for example in
January that two maps have come out on
liberation and the piache in February will come out
a map in the photo as you can see if
you go to the link, it puts coming soon
soon and it tells you that February
will come a map for the good will come out
a map for all this always
talking to premium content is worth and
then it will come out in packs every so often
for normal people with normal content
people who want to get the contents
for packs worth it will be a tad
I guess more expensive then in March
will come a map a mission not to see forgiveness
a map and two missions
two missions for possibly the
special ops is worth as indicated here be
two missions for the special ops
so let's recap January and have been
two maps february a map march a map
and two missions for the special ops in
April
two maps will come out as indicated here in
May a map and a mission for the
special ops in May a map and another
mission in June a map a mission and a
game mode a game mode for the
multiplayer gameplay
different then in July two more maps
in August a map a mission and another way
of game and in September a map and a
mission these are the content that of
moment
infinity ward and activision have
prepared and it 's lady hammer if all the
companies that are working in the
draft
they want prepared if they add something more
possibly here under puts that all the
content that less than announce me
is
it can be changed so it 's what
say there is good what comes
being can be changed so the
Content itself wants the company can
add things change things but this
would be the official content so far what
that comes out during the next
months 10 maps in concrete and many
missions for the special ops for whom
have played in special ops can be
since both survival mode or
I do not know how this is still
discover and the game modes also
therefore nothing else you decide
It's worth doing elite I do not
I'm not yet, but
with good knowing this makes you want to
catch him and I recommend you for
xbox users since we have the
opportunity to catch microsoft points
we can still wait for it in the micros
2 points per pages of live type 360
code chips or many more pages than
there is a place to get points and want elite
for example it does not cost us 60 euros and we
cost 36 for example that is the page
cheaper than I've found the will
leave by in the description in case
you also want to catch the points for
there and well you decide if the
It's worth it to be caught elite
comment because I'm very interested
know your opinion since I'm under
my point of view what is the game in
yes it does not deserve to be caught by the elite because
we already paid 70 euros on his good day
sixty-odd in particular but it's worth
worth spending another 36 euros if you go to
you were going to play the game a lot
that is worth it without a doubt but
well that's your decision so
nothing says goodbye day and tight and see you
in the next news
and even the boys